accept input 
Specifies the types of files that the server accepts (only for type="file")
accept-charset form

accesskey Global Attributes 
Specifies a shortcut key to activate/focus an element
action form 
Specifies where to send the form-data when a form is submitted
align Not supported in HTML 5. 
Specifies the alignment according to surrounding elements. Use CSS instead
alt area    img    input 
Specifies an alternate text when the original element fails to display
async script

autocomplete form    input

autofocus button    input    keygen    select    textarea

autoplay audio    video 
Specifies that the audio/video will start playing as soon as it is ready
bgcolor Not supported in HTML 5. 
Specifies the background color of an element. Use CSS instead
border Not supported in HTML 5. 
Specifies the width of the border of an element. Use CSS instead
challenge keygen

charset meta    script 
Specifies the character encoding
checked input

cite blockquote   del    ins   q 
Specifies a URL which explains the quote/deleted/inserted text
class Global Attributes

color Not supported in HTML 5. 
Specifies the text color of an element. Use CSS instead
cols textarea 
Specifies the visible width of a text area
colspan td    th 
Specifies the number of columns a table cell should span
content meta 
Gives the value associated with the http-equiv or name attribute
contenteditable Global Attributes 
Specifies whether the content of an element is editable or not
contextmenu Global Attributes

controls audio    video

coords area 
Specifies the coordinates of the area
data object 
Specifies the URL of the resource to be used by the object
data-* Global Attributes 
Used to store custom data private to the page or application
datetime del    ins    time 
Specifies the date and time
default track

defer script

dir Global Attributes 
Specifies the text direction for the content in an element
dirname input    textarea 
Specifies that the text direction will be submitted
disabled button    fieldset    input    keygen   optgroup   option    select textarea 
Specifies that the specified element/group of elements should be disabled
download a    area

draggable Global Attributes 
Specifies whether an element is draggable or not
dropzone Global Attributes 
Specifies whether the dragged data is copied  moved  or linked  when dropped
enctype form

for label   output 
Specifies which form element(s) a label/calculation is bound to
form button    fieldset    input    keygen   label   meter    object output    select    textarea 
Specifies the name of the form the element belongs to
formaction button    input

headers td    th 
Specifies one or more headers cells a cell is related to
height canvas   embed    iframe    img    input    object    video 
Specifies the height of the element
hidden Global Attributes 
Specifies that an element is not yet  or is no longer  relevant
high meter 
Specifies the range that is considered to be a high value
href a    area    base    link 
Specifies the URL of the page the link goes to
hreflang a    area    link 
Specifies the language of the linked document
http-equiv meta 
Provides an HTTP header for the information/value of the content attribute
id Global Attributes 
Specifies a unique id for an element
ismap img 
Specifies an image as a server-side image-map
keytype keygen 
Specifies the security algorithm of the key
kind track 
Specifies the kind of text track
label track    option    optgroup 
Specifies the title of the text track
lang Global Attributes 
Specifies the language of the element's content
list input

loop audio    video

low meter 
Specifies the range that is considered to be a low value
max input    meter    progress 
Specifies the maximum value
maxlength input    textarea 
Specifies the maximum number of characters allowed in an element
media a    area    link    source    style 
Specifies what media/device the linked document is optimized for
method form 
Specifies the HTTP method to use when sending form-data
min input    meter 
Specifies a minimum value
multiple input    select 
Specifies that a user can enter more than one value
muted video    audio 
Specifies that the audio output of the video should be muted
name button    fieldset    form    iframe    input    keygen    map    meta object    output    param    select    textarea 
Specifies the name of the element
novalidate form 
Specifies that the form should not be validated when submitted
onabort audio    embed    img    object    video 
Script to be run on abort
onafterprint body 
Script to be run after the document is printed
onbeforeprint body 
Script to be run before the document is printed
onbeforeunload body 
Script to be run when the document is about to be unloaded
onblur All visible elements. 
Script to be run when the element loses focus
oncanplay audio    embed    object    video

oncanplaythrough audio    video

onchange All visible elements. 
Script to be run when the value of the element is changed
onclick All visible elements. 
Script to be run when the element is being clicked
oncontextmenu All visible elements. 
Script to be run when a context menu is triggered
oncopy All visible elements. 
Script to be run when the content of the element is being copied
oncuechange track
Script to be run when the cue changes in a  track element
oncut All visible elements. 
Script to be run when the content of the element is being cut
ondblclick All visible elements. 
Script to be run when the element is being double-clicked
ondrag All visible elements. 
Script to be run when the element is being dragged
ondragend All visible elements. 
Script to be run at the end of a drag operation
ondragenter All visible elements. 
Script to be run when an element has been dragged to a valid drop target
ondragleave All visible elements. 
Script to be run when an element leaves a valid drop target
ondragover All visible elements. 
Script to be run when an element is being dragged over a valid drop target
ondragstart All visible elements. 
Script to be run at the start of a drag operation
ondrop All visible elements. 
Script to be run when dragged element is being dropped
ondurationchange audio    video 
Script to be run when the length of the media changes
onemptied audio    video

onended audio    video

onerror audio    body    embed    img    object    script    style    video 
Script to be run when an error occurs
onfocus All visible elements. 
Script to be run when the element gets focus
onhashchange body 
Script to be run when there has been changes to the anchor part of the a URL
oninput All visible elements. 
Script to be run when the element gets user input
oninvalid All visible elements. 
Script to be run when the element is invalid
onkeydown All visible elements. 
Script to be run when a user is pressing a key
onkeypress All visible elements. 
Script to be run when a user presses a key
onkeyup All visible elements. 
Script to be run when a user releases a key
onload body    iframe    img    input    link    script    style 
Script to be run when the element is finished loading
onloadeddata audio    video 
Script to be run when media data is loaded
onloadedmetadata audio    video 
Script to be run when meta data (like dimensions and duration) are loaded
onloadstart audio    video

onmousedown All visible elements. 
Script to be run when a mouse button is pressed down on an element
onmousemove All visible elements. 
Script to be run as long as the&nbsp; mouse pointer is moving over an element
onmouseout All visible elements. 
Script to be run when a mouse pointer moves out of an element
onmouseover All visible elements. 
Script to be run when a mouse pointer moves over an element
onmouseup All visible elements. 
Script to be run when a mouse button is released over an element
onmousewheel All visible elements. 
Script to be run when a mouse wheel is being scrolled over an element
onoffline body 
Script to be run when the browser starts to work offline
ononline body 
Script to be run when the browser starts to work online
onpagehide body 
Script to be run when a user navigates away from a page
onpageshow body 
Script to be run when a user navigates to a page
onpaste All visible elements. 
Script to be run when the user pastes some content in an element
onpause audio    video

onplay audio    video 
Script to be run when the media is ready to start playing
onplaying audio    video 
Script to be run when the media actually has started playing.
onpopstate body 
Script to be run when the window's history changes.
onprogress audio    video

onratechange audio    video

onreset form 
Script to be run when a reset button in a form is clicked.
onresize body 
Script to be run when the browser window is being resized.
onscroll All visible elements. 
Script to be run when an element's scrollbar is being scrolled
onsearch input

onseeked audio    video

onseeking audio    video

onselect All visible elements. 
Script to be run when the element gets selected
onshow menu 
Script to be run when a menu element is shown as a context menu
onstalled audio    video

onstorage body 
Script to be run when a Web Storage area is updated
onsubmit form 
Script to be run when a form is submitted
onsuspend audio    video

ontimeupdate audio    video

ontoggle details 
Script to be run when the user opens or closes the details element
onunload body

onvolumechange audio    video 
Script to be run each time the volume of a video/audio has been changed
onwaiting audio    video

onwheel All visible elements. 
Script to be run when the mouse wheel rolls up or down over an element
open details 
Specifies that the details should be visible (open) to the user
optimum meter 
Specifies what value is the optimal value for the gauge
pattern input

placeholder input    textarea 
Specifies a short hint that describes the expected value of the element
poster video

preload audio    video

readonly input    textarea 
Specifies that the element is read-only
rel a    area    link

required input    select    textarea 
Specifies that the element must be filled out before submitting the form
reversed ol 
Specifies that the list order should be descending (9 8 7...)
rows textarea 
Specifies the visible number of lines in a text area
rowspan td    th 
Specifies the number of rows a table cell should span
sandbox iframe 
Enables an extra set of restrictions for the content in an iframe
scope th

scoped style

selected option 
Specifies that an option should be pre-selected when the page loads
shape area 
Specifies the shape of the area
size input    select

sizes img    link source 
Specifies the size of the linked resource
span col    colgroup 
Specifies the number of columns to span
spellcheck Global Attributes

src audio    embed    iframe    img    input    script    source    track video 
Specifies the URL of the media file
srcdoc iframe 
Specifies the HTML content of the page to show in the iframe
srclang track 
Specifies the language of the track text data (required if kind="subtitles")
srcset img    source 
Specifies the URL of the image to use in different situations
start ol 
Specifies the start value of an ordered list
step input 
Specifies the legal number intervals for an input field
style Global Attributes 
Specifies an inline CSS style for an element
tabindex Global Attributes 
Specifies the tabbing order of an element
target a    area    base    form

title Global Attributes 
Specifies extra information about an element
translate Global Attributes 
Specifies whether the content of an element should be translated or not
type button    embed    input    link    menu    object    script source    style 
Specifies the type of element
usemap img    object 
Specifies an image as a client-side image-map
value button    input    li    option meter    progress    param 
Specifies the value of the element
width canvas   embed    iframe    img    input    object    video 
Specifies the width of the element
wrap textarea

